Fireball_TestPlan
Devin Landeros
1.0 General Information
1.1 Summary
The Project is an exclusive game to the platform PlayStation. Fireball is a unique side scrolling action game. The player will use the ability to burn selected objects as well, as generating heat to jump to light a troch in order to clear each level.  
  1.1.1 Control and Menu Tests  
Basic Controls 
 (Buttons that allow the user to Jump, Slam, Change view, Roll and Turn)
Menu Screen Inputs 
 (Pause, Start, Map access, Rest field)
1.1.2 Environment Tests
Temperature 
 (Ignition of blocks, how the fire spreads) 
Gravity 
 (The collapse of objects- do to fire. Players avatar performs jump at appropriate height.)
Torch/Goal 
 (Does the game end when this is lit? Will it ignite on contact?)	
1.1.3 Advanced Functions Tests
Slamming 
 (Does this ability function properly?)
Avatar Temperature 
 (Does the system effect player height correctly, based on color of the flame) Types: Yellow,   Orange, Red, Blue 

Gaining Temperature 
 (Does touching higher temperature blocks, raise avatar temperature?) 
Temperature Level Up
(Slamming blocks that are not able to be burned normally, while on fire increases avatar temperature)

Chain Score 
 (Does the counter properly display the score? Does the Player score more while in this State?)

1.1.4 Game Effects Tests
Burning Blocks 
 (Do the blocks catch fire??)   
Fireball Shadow 
 (Does shadow display where the fireball will land after falling?)
Slam Raise 
 (Will using slam raise every block in a 3 unit radius?)
Chains 
 (Are multiple blocks able to be lit at once? )
Chain Font Size 
 (Chain font size changes with each larger increment)
1.1.5 Player Progress Test 
 Overall Game Progress 
 (Is the total game progress displayed properly)
Chain Completion Rewards 
 (Are the new levels and cosmetics given to the player after completion?)

1.2 Environment/ User Community 


1.3 Test Objectives 

1.4 Acceptance Criteria 

1.5 References 
	GDD- Fireball Core Design v1.95-PDF  










2.0 Plan
2.1 Test Description  


2.2 Test Team


2.3 Milestones


2.4 Budgets




2.5 Testing 
	2.5.1 Requirements
	
2.5.2 Testing Materials/Test Tools
	
2.5.3 Test Training 





 
3.0 Specifications and Evaluations 
3.1 Requirement Specifications 
3.1.1 Business Rules/ Functions

3.1.2 Software/ Game Functions 

3.1.3 Test/Function Relationships 

3.1.4 Test Progression 

3.2 Methods and Constraints 
	3.2.1 Test Methodology 
	
3.2.2 Extent of Testing 
	
3.2.3 Constraints 
